Add collectionview docs - first part (#762)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/styling/item-style.md

| `GroupLevelIndentation` (`double`) | Defines the indentation that accumulates for each group level. |
| `BorderBrush` (`Brush`) | Defines the brush of the border around the item. |
| `BorderColor` (`Color`) | Defines the color of the border around the item. |
| `BorderThickness` (`Thickness`) | Defines the thickness of the border around the item. |
| `CornerRadius` (`Thickness`) | Defines the corner radius of the border around the item. |

The following example shows how to use the `ItemViewStyle`:

**1.** Define the following business object:

<snippet id='collectionview-datamodel' />

**2.** Create a `ViewModel` class as shown below:

<snippet id='collectionview-viewmodel' />

**3.** Add the `RadCollectionView` definition with the `ItemViewStyle` set:

<snippet id='collectionview-itemview-styling' />

**4.** Include the `telerik` namespace:

```XAML
xmlns:telerik="http://schemas.telerik.com/2022/xaml/maui" 
```

**5.** Add the following styles to the page's resource:

<snippet id='collectionview-itemview-style-resources' />

This is the result on WinUI:

![.NET MAUI CollectionView Item Style](../images/collectionview-item-style.png "Telerik .NET MAUI CollectionView")

> > For a runnable example demonstrating the CollectionView ItemView Styling, see the [SDKBrowser Demo Application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and go to **CollectionView > Styling** category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For a runnable example demonstrating the CollectionView Item View Styling, see the [SDKBrowser Demo Application]({%slug sdkbrowser-app%}) and go to **CollectionView > Styling** category.
```
